this magazine featured 1934 Ford sedan
is a professionally built custom which
required eight years of careful planning
has all of the first-rate parts
completely documented and has won both
an NS are a pro spectro fee and a good
guys slick and smooth award this 34 4
sedan smooth and solid fuselage began
life as aviation-grade fiberglass molded
into a fantastic replica of a highly
accurate steel car from redneck street
rods completely preassembled and ready
for paint the car was then shipped to
fast Eddy's hotrod shop in Lamar
Missouri where it was fully prepped and
bathed in a trailer Queen worthy code of
Corvette competition yellow duponte pop
off the Hagan three-way hinge steel hood
and you'll find a fresh and
professionally rebuilt lb9 305 Chevrolet
v8 at the top of the engine
a small reusable air filter shoots air
into a reliable tuned port fuel
injection system that has been
completely reconditioned and flow
matched by street and performance that
tuned port injection system sends air
fuel mixtures into eight sequentially
fired cylinders that are sparked by a
yellow top Optima battery a complete
haywire wiring package and bright yellow
plug wires billet aluminum valve covers
sit above street and performance coated
headers which allow the car plenty of
room to breathe a street and performance
serpentine system spends billet pulleys
below a Power Master 100 amp alternator
and a Sandin AC compressor the clean
engine compartment is relatively sparse
aside from a Griffin large tube aluminum
radiator featuring a built in
transmission cooler a built in a/c
condenser and a toggle switch controlled
electric fan behind the modern 305 v8
you'll find a new Phoenix transmission
products turbo hydra-matic 700 r4
four-speed that has been beefed up with
a mild shift kit power flows from that
proven transmission through a balanced
drive shaft to a Currie nine-inch rear
end equipped with 353 gears putting the
power to the ground as a set of 17-inch
front and 20-inch rear Billet
Specialties FinTech aluminum wheels
wearing 225 fronts and 245 rear yokohama
performance radials
braking is handled by a powerful wheel
Wilwood system and exhaust is handled by
mandrel bent true dual pipes which
Rumble through great sounding 50 series
Flowmaster mufflers
inside you'll find an ultra leather
interior installed by Aussie custom
upholstery of Columbus Kansas the
pleated front bucket and rear bench
seats are supportive and feel soft
enough to take a nap on custom molded
door panels hang small armrest below
slick 33 4 billet emblems complementing
great-looking billet door handles locks
and power windows switches
upscale German weave wool carpet
protected by custom floor mats anchors
Lokar billet pedals and an aluminum bnm
shifter the gorgeous triple tone - hangs
a billet special needs gauge cluster
full of video gauges above controls for
the vintage air climate system a custom
leather headliner is stretched tightly
around an mp3 compatible custom
autosound head unit above the driver and
passenger and rounding out this amazing
cockpit is a Billet Specialties vintage
alien wheel propped on a chrome I did it
tilt steering column if you're on the
hunt for a fully sorted showstopper that
will turn heads and win trophies your
search is over for more information on
this custom hot rod and many others call
click or visit arcade motor Charlotte
calm
you